---
layout: portfolio
title: BetBit
show_on_home: true
duration: 3 years
tags: []
permalink: "/portfolio/betbit/"
carousel_image: /assets/images/betbit-carousel.png
---

{% include images.html images="/assets/uploads/2015/01/Screen-Shot-2015-04-20-at-12.54.09.png,/assets/uploads/2015/01/Screen-Shot-2015-04-20-at-12.55.31.png,/assets/uploads/2015/01/Screen-Shot-2015-04-20-at-12.56.28.png,/assets/uploads/2015/01/Screen-Shot-2015-04-20-at-12.56.07.png,/assets/uploads/2015/01/Screen-Shot-2015-04-20-at-12.54.35.png" %}

Platypus is a modular gambling platform built with PHP, Symfony, Sonata and
Postgresql. It allows a customer to select from an ever growing library of
modules in order to customise anything from a single game to a complete
gambling site. Modules include integration platforms to allow various types of
3rd party or native games to run with the platform, as well as bundles of
games. There are also affiliate tracking modules, various traditional payment
modules, as well as modules for payment using cryptocurrencies.
Platypus also provides a Haskell slot machine module that uses a
genetic algorithm to simulate and generate slot machines with optimal
characteristics. The platform can be fully localised via the CMS into an
arbitrary number of languages.

Platypus provides a fully featured admin panel built using Sonata CMS,
which gains relevant features as modules are added into each site.

The code is fully tested using PHPUnit and includes automatic deployment to
various targets using Capistrano scripts.

The platform is currently running one of the original Bitcoin casinos, which is
live at https://www.betbit.com.